Update installing-updates.mdx (#25559)
expo/expo: docs/pages/bare/installing-updates.mdx

         android:label="@string/app_name"
```

> Add to **android/app/src/main/AndroidManifest.xml** so you can test ir locally:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add to **android/app/src/main/AndroidManifest.xml** so you can test it locally:
```

> Add to **android/app/src/main/AndroidManifest.xml** so you can test it locally:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If using the updates server URL shown above (a custom non-HTTPS update server running on the same machine), you will need to modify **android/app/src/main/AndroidManifest.xml** as follows:
```
